# 1.What is npm?
### npm is a software registry. It is the largest software registry for almost 800,000 pacakges. It does manage the packages we install but fun fact is that it does not stand for Node Package Manager. Basically it does not have any full form.

# 2.What is parcel/webpack? Why do we need it?
### Parcel/Webpack is bundler which bundels our code to make it production ready. They do a lot of behind the scene work like compressing files, optimizing images, caching the code to make the faster builds, clean the code and many more.Parcel also have many other packages like babel which compiles jsx code.

# 3.What is .parcel-cache?
### .parcel-cache is a file which is generated when we run our code using npx parcel index.html. One of the advantages of parcel is that it reduces the build time every time. This is because it caches the code through a file watching algorithm. All this caching takes place in this file named .parcel-cache.

# 4.What is npx?
### npx is npm package runner.It allows developers to execute any Javascript Package available on the NPM registry without even installing it.

# 5.What is difference between dependencies and devDependencies?
|Dependency |devDependency |
|--- | --- | 
|Dependency is an object that contains the library, which your project requires for production environments and functioning effectively. | devDependencies are those packages in the package.json file that you need only for project development purposes. Example- Babel, Webpack, etc. |
|We require these packages to test and run your project on the localhost. |These types of dependencies are required during the web application development process but not while testing or executing it.  |

# 6.What is Tree Shaking?
### Parcel removes the unwanted and unused code (dead code) when bundling the javascript code into a single file. This process is called tree shaking.

# 7.What is Hot Module Replacement?
### Hot Module Relacement is the feature included in bundlers like parcel and webpack which allows us to see the changes in the code without reloading them which prevents us from loosing the state of front end application.

# 8.List down your favourite 5 superpowers of Parcel and describe any 3 of them in your own words.
### 1. Bundles the code for the build in a single file with all the optimization
### 2. Caching: Parcel caches the code with using a code watching algorithm in a file called .parcel-cache which reduces the build time. 
### 3. Tree shaking : Parcel removes the dead code while bundling.
### 4. Local server creation : It creates a local server for us which does not access the code from our local file.
### 5. HMR(Hot Module Replacement) : Parcel implements HMR which allows us to see the code changes in the browser without reloading it. This prevents from loosing the state of front end while changing the code.


# 9.What is .gitignore? What should we add and not add into it?
### .gitignore is a file which includes the files not required to be pushed in the remote git repository. The files which can be regenerated by running certain commands should be added to gitignore and which can not be generated should not be put into this. For example node-modeules file can be regenerated by running the command npm install. So it is not pushed into gir repo.

# 10. What is the difference between package.json and package-lock.json?
|package.json |package-lock.json|
|--- | --- | 
|It stores the minimum version required by your program. If you upgrade the versions of a certain package, the change will not be shown here. | Keeps track of the exact version of each installed package, allowing you to reinstall it. Future installations will be able to generate the same dependency tree. |
|More than just dependencies, it also establishes a project's attributes, descriptions, and license information.  |It is just used to lock dependencies. |

# 11. Why should i not modify package-lock.json?
### package-lock.json contains the exact version of the dependency. Its purpose is to track the entire tree of dependencies.

# 12. What is node_modules? Is it a good idea to push that on git?
### The node_modules folder contains libraries downloaded from npm. We shouldn't push it to github bacause everyone who clones our repository can download it themselves based on our package.json.

# 13. What is dist folder?
### dist folder is the folder which is generated when the app is built. It contains the bundled html,css and js file.





